Yuni - Release v1.1.0
=====================


New
---

 * [core] [event] added `fold` method for callback result folding
		Event<uint ()> evt;
		evt.connect([]() -> uint { return 10u; });
		evt.connect([]() -> uint { return 4u; });
		std::cout << evt.fold(0u, Lambda::Add<uint>()) << std::endl; // 14

 * [core] Functional: Support for collection Views with fold, filter, map
   and many pre-defined binary operations for folding.

 * [core] String: added operator overloads for easier UTF8::Char / multi-byte
   string comparisons.

 * [core] String: now accepts wide strings

 * [core] added `Yuni::WString`, a lightweight helper for manipulating wide strings

 * [core] added `Yuni::HashCombine` (`yuni/core/stl/hash-combine.h`) to easily
   compute the the hash of complex structs.

 * [core] added `Yuni::deleteAndNull` and `deleteArrayAndNull`, to delete an object
   and set the underlying variable to null in one call

 * [core] added `Yuni::Math::RoundUp`, for rounding up to the nearest multiple of a number

 * [core] added `Yuni::NonMovable`

 * [io] added `Yuni::IO::FetchFileStatus()`, to retrieve in one call the type,
    the size and the timestamp of the last modifcation of a filename

 * [jobs] added `Yuni::Job::Taskgroup`, for easily handling groups of jobs

 * [jobs] added the method `gracefulStop()` to the queue service to ask
   it to stop as soon as possible. The big advantage to this method is it
   can be called from any threads, unlike `stop()` which may create a
   deadlock if called from a job.

 * [jobs] added the method `clear()` to the queue service to remove all jobs
   waiting to be executed

 * [parser] JSON export

 * [sample] [parser] added json parser



Changes
-------

 * [core] `Yuni::Process` has been renamed `Yuni::Process::Program`.

 * [core] `Yuni::Process` do no longer automatically redirect the output
   of the subprocess to the standard output of the parent process.
   The method `Yuni::Process::Program::redirectToConsole(bool)` can be use to
   modify this behavior.

 * [core] Fold : Renamed `Yuni::Functional::Fold` to `Yuni::fold`.

 * [core] String: both the methods `String::format()` and `String::appendFormat()`
   now use `const char* format` instead of `const AnyString& format`.
   Reason: 'va_start' has undefined behavior with reference types. You
   can use `String::c_str()` if old code were using Yuni::String as input format.

 * [core] Jobs: The method `wait` of the queue service now requires an event
   to distinguish the different use-cases. Uses `qseIdle` to wait for all jobs
   being executed (this value should represent the old behavior of `wait`)
   or use `qseStop` to wait for the queue service being stopped (by
   `stop()` or `gracefulStop()`).

 * [core] `String::words`: empty elements are now kept by default, as it was stated
   in the documentation.

 * [core] Updated the list of Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) banned APIs

 * [io] `IO::NodeType` has new possible values to better match UNIX characteristics:
   `typeSymLink`, `typeSocket` and `typeSpecial`

 * [io] `IO::TypeOf()` now accepts an optional parameter `followSymLink`

 * [jobs] Overall Performance Improvement

 * [jobs] `Yuni::Job::QueueService` now uses an intrusive smartptr

 * [dbi] upgraded to sqlite 3.9.1



Fixes
-----

 * [core] Detection of the clang compiler when CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER is not used



Deprecated
----------

 * [vm] This module is now deprecated and will be removed in future releases


