title: 
---


Introduction
============


What is Yuni ?
--------------

Yuni is a cross-platform C++ framework for developing high-level, complex and
fast applications. Yuni can be useful in all kinds of applications, from simple
100-line programs to full-blown 3D applications.
It intends to provide a complete set of coherent API and to be a reliable and
simple bridge between different worlds, allowing to write all sorts of applications
while letting the developer focus on her real work.



Misconceptions
--------------

Yuni is not a 3D engine nor a game engine. It offers a 3D engine as part of a
wide-range library interested in multimedia and virtual worlds. Yuni is not a
contender for Ogre or Irrlicht. These projects are high-end game engines working
locally with complete data of the world.
Yuni's engine is experimental in that it is meant to work with
LDOs (Live Distributed Objects) that can be on any computer in the network.


Target Audience
---------------

Yuni is meant to be used by developers who already know C++, like it and want to
use it for writing any kind of application without worrying about the low-level
aspects of the language and the trouble of mixing many kinds of libraries to do
all the usual things any application requires.

Big applications always end up requiring performance at some point, multi-threading
at some other, graphics, sound, input, command line parsing, etc.
Yuni will provide all this and more in a portable way with a single, easy-to-use,
object-oriented API.


